feat: update push and push-status commands (#1481)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/heavy-swans-sin.md

---
"@redocly/cli": minor
---

> Add return value for "push" and "push-status" commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feat: Added return values for the `push` and `push-status` commands.
```

> feat: Added return values for the `push` and `push-status` commands.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Added return values for the `push` and `push-status` commands.
```
